Refactor readme (#45)
HewlettPackard/c-spiffe: utils/README.md

# Util

> The Utils module is composed by general utility functions. Most used internally by the lib.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Utils module is composed by general utility functions. Mostly used internally by the lib.
```

# Util

> The Utils module is composed by generarl utility functions. Most used interally by the lib.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Utils module is composed by general utility functions. Most used internally by the lib.
```
